reference - [Guru99](https://www.guru99.com/software-engineering-tutorial.html) 
#### What was the Software Crisis?
>- It was in the late 1960s when many software projects failed.
>- Many software became over budget. Output was an unreliable software which is expensive to maintain.
>- Larger software was difficult and quite expensive to maintain.
>- Lots of software not able to satisfy the growing requirements of the customer.
>- Complexities of software projects increased whenever its hardware capability increased.
>- Demand for new software increased faster compared with the ability to generate new software.
>All the above issues lead to ‘Software Crisis.’
>
>**The Solution**  
>Solution was to the problem was transforming unorganized coding effort into a software engineering discipline. These engineering models helped companies to streamline operations and deliver software meeting customer requirements.
>- The late 1970s saw the widespread uses of software engineering principles.
>- In the 1980s saw the automation of software engineering process and growth of (CASE) Computer-Aided Software Engineering.
>- The 1990s have seen an increased emphasis on the ‘management’ aspects of projects standard of quality and processes just like ISO 9001

#### Challenges of Software Engineering
>Here are some critical challenges faced by software engineers:  
>- In safety-critical areas such as space, aviation, nuclear power plants, etc. the cost of software failure can be massive because lives are at risk.
>- Increased market demands for fast turnaround time.
>- Dealing with the increased complexity of software need for new applications.
>- The diversity of software systems should be communicating with each other.
